Going back to our script,
if we go to our reference architecture.
Now, we have everything matching exactly.
We have NAT gateways,
we have web servers,
we have everything, security groups.
Everything is matching exactly.
So now we're ready to actually deploy additional services that may be require.
In this case by the way, we didn't mention,
let's go back to our example here.
I want to show you something.
Let's go to the launch configuration where we started this script.
We have security groups followed by the launch configuration,
and something that you may have missed because I didn't mention it,
is that we're using a natural docker container here.
Docker as a platform within a platform.
Imagine, we're running a virtual machine that has a container inside.
So we're going to the extreme level of virtualization here and this is great you
can have this so many layers of extra security and
extra convenience on functionality for yourself so that you don't have to do much work.
You can have this docker image created in the CICD pipeline,
and just deploy the binary
here and you don't have to worry about source code or anything like that.
Your developers can actually give you a binary artifact that you can push here and
you wouldn't need much in the way of knowing how to configure it,
how to properly provide parameters or nothing like that.
You just put it in a server and you
send that out there and everything is running perfect.